chore: error handling (#261)
CQCL/tierkreis: docs/source/logging_and_errors.md

# Logging and Errors

## Logging

Tierkreis stores a central log of the execution of a graph.
The log is located at `<checkpoint_dir>/<workflow_id>/logs`.
By default, the log level is set to `INFO`.

> To change the log level you can get the tierkreis logger:

Reviewer: An additional feature that might be useful is for this logger to respect `TKR_LOG_LEVEL` also.

# Logging and Errors

## Logging

Tierkreis stores a central log of the execution of a graph.
The log is located at `<checkpoint_dir>/<workflow_id>/logs`.
By default, the log level is set to `INFO`.
To change the log level you can get the tierkreis logger:

```python
import logging

logger = logging.getLogger("tierkreis")
logger.setLevel(...)
```

### Workers

Similarly in a worker you can access the logger or overwrite it with your own.

```python
worker.logger.setLevel(...)
worker.setLogger(...)
```

> When running a python worker, they will check the environment variable `$TKR_LOG_LEVEL`, `$TKR_LOG_FORMAT` and `$TKR_DATE_FORMAT` and add a streaming handler to the root logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a python worker, Tierkreis will check the environment variables `$TKR_LOG_LEVEL`, `$TKR_LOG_FORMAT` and `$TKR_DATE_FORMAT` and add a streaming handler to the root logger with the appropriate level and formatter.
```
